so then you can take one big spoonful
like that and just straight in the
middle layer dollop it in and now we can
just keep doing this let's do these now
look at that can I just keep going now
let's keep going and just listen to that
sizzle
and if I do half a dozen of these you'll
just see how sensational they're going
to be yeah
all right let's lift those out look at
that you can see now those big rustic
crispy sort of croutons really only chef
you know absolutely delicious
not just good flavor good texture as
well okay and what about and here comes
her Sam that's good news so we've got
this case shift that is the perfection
that's what I want to see why that's a
tional if I just put a couple on here
Wow they look lovely another one on
there and now of course to go with it
let's pop these in here
how about that chef beautiful absolutely
sensational
you